fix(curriculum): correct typos and improve grammar in CSS lecture pages (#64465)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/blocks/lecture-working-with-css-transforms-overflow-and-filters/672bccc8ea33bad87abb3c56.md

:::

> You can see that they both have the same `width`, `height`, `padding`, `border` and `margin`. The only difference is in the colors and the value of the `box-sizing` property. This small difference has a very important impact on the final dimensions. 

Reviewer: there are two differences so it's not singular
```suggestion
You can see that they both have the same `width`, `height`, `padding`, `border` and `margin`. The only differences are in the colors and the value of the `box-sizing` property. This small difference has a very important impact on the final dimensions. 
```
